Hey it's Andre here in the last video.
E wanted to use this idea of redux thunk and how it's a middleware that allows us to do asynchronous
actions.
But I want to take a second to just really make sure we understand what's happening we installed the
redux thunk library and we added it to our middleware and if you remember a middleware is like a little
tunnel here that intercepts our actions before they go into our reducer and modify them or add things
to them.
In our case every time we dispatched an action it just went straight to the reducer as an object.
Right.
We had the action type and the action payload but redux thunk allow us to do something interesting.
It allows us to catch the action and it's only going to detect actions that aren't objects.
So any thing that's not an object and instead is a function it's going to say oh I'm interested in it
let's do something and what is it going to do.
Well if you remember in the code it's going to ignore let's say Fetch collections failure because this
is just an object redux thunk doesn't care about action objects.
Instead it's only going to catch this thing because what this returns is a function.
And as soon as redux thunk sees a function through that tunnel it's going to say oh I'm interested in
it and what is it going to do.
All it's going to do is it's going to give the dispatch functionality as the parameter.
So that's all it's doing.
It's detecting a function and then saying OK well here here's the dispatch so you can use it inside
of it.
And then we keep going so that now inside of this function we've went through that little tunnel we've
received that dispatch so that now I can dispatch to my reducer the normal objects that it actually
needs.
So again it sounds a lot more complicated than it actually is but that's all it does gives us the dispatch
so that we can go back to giving synchronous actions action objects to the route reducer let's keep
going.
Bobby.